hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
this is a series where I teach English
while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up
so
as always at the start of the video I
have some new things to show you
first of all look at this
I finished building this part
this part of my house
let's open the gate
open
and go outside
Tada look at this
I built a garden right here this is a
garden
there is a path that leads from my house
to the Garden this is a gravel path
this is gravel
this is an archway and
hanging from the archway
there's a lantern
in fact there are one
two three four five six lanterns there
are six lanterns in my garden
to help Light Up The Garden in the night
like right now
this is soil that I'll plant some crops
on
and in the middle of the garden
I've dug a little Pond this is a pond
this water
helps the crops to be able to grow
on the soil hmm
so this water is very important
so
in this video I want to plant some crops
in my garden
and I have one other thing to show you
and it's down in the mine
let's go
ah but first I need to eat
so I'll eat some steak
I'm running out of steak so I'm really
excited to plant some crops in my garden
so I can begin growing my food
all right let's swim swim across the
river
all right the mine
it's time to go down
down down
so I continued digging down in my mind
I stopped right here and I turned
to the right
to the right and continued digging down
to the bottom of the world
down down down
and ta-da
I did a lot of mining down here
and I found a lot of valuable resources
I found
Redstone I found a lot of redstone
I found 35 iron 26 coal
and
I also found a bunch of diamonds
diamonds that I didn't mine because I
wanted to mine these diamonds on camera
for you all to see
so
now let's collect these diamonds
one
two
three
four
five
six six diamonds
and some redstone
alright
that's all of the diamonds that were
right here
but I found more diamonds down
this tunnel
let's go down the tunnel
this is a very long tunnel
redstone
and right here diamonds
one
two
only two
ah all right and there are more diamonds
down here down this tunnel
diamonds
one two
three
okay
three more diamonds
so now I have 11 diamonds and I think
that I found more diamonds down this
tunnel
so let's go down here
all right diamonds
huh
so this is the end of the tunnel
and I didn't see any diamonds
so I guess there's no diamonds down this
tunnel
oh well never mind
this is also a very long tunnel
oh more Redstone there's more Redstone
right here
that I will collect
whoa
what is this sound
is that the sound of the deep dark city
I think it's close by
sounds like static
well I think that that was all of the
diamonds that I found down here in the
mine so let's go back up
oh more redstone
there's lots of redstone down here
which is a good thing because I have an
idea for something that I could do with
all of this Redstone in a future video
back up
this music is really scaring me
I've never heard this music in Minecraft
before
this scary music is still playing
even though I'm here at the surface
what is happening
[Music]
thank you
this music is super intense
okay let's resume
let's go in the house so right here
right here
I made a list of things that I need to
do
so at the top of my list I have building
a smithing table
so let's start with building a smithing
table
so
first I need to figure out what I need
to build a smithing table
oh I moved the crafting table up here so
it's closer to my chests
let's see
smith thing table
okay so to build a smithing table I need
wood planks and iron that's easy
I'm going to begin smelting some iron
like that
okay one two iron
one two three four planks and two iron
builds a smithing table
there we go
I'm going to put the smithing table
on top of the crafting table
all right so
thanks to this comment now I know what
the smithing tip
smithing templates
now I know what the smithing templates
are thanks to this comment so let's pick
up the smithing templates right here
and let's try using them
um let's see
iron
so I think first I need to build some
armor
um
let's see what I need a chest plate and
pants
um
so let's build
some iron leggings
and an iron chest plate right here
there we go let's see
uh chest plate
smithing template
add Ingot or Crystal
can I put diamond
whoa
oh cool
so using this smithing template
I can build armor that has both iron and
diamond
sure let's do it
and I'm going to put it on
like this
whoa now I'm wearing my new armor
all right cool
big thank you to this user
that told me how to use the smithing
template
awesome and I'll put on the leggings so
now I have a full set of iron armor
an iron helmet an iron chest plate with
diamonds
iron leggings and iron boots
so I can cross off build the smithing
table from my list
let's remove it
smithing table
and delete
all right so the next thing on my list
is to plant crops in my garden
but it's night time so
first I'm going to sleep
I decided to move my bed
from right here
to over here
because I think this is a better place
for a bedroom
let's sleep
all right and it's morning
there are lots of bees outside
one two three
and they're spinning around
okay
well let's go up to my chests and see
what crops I have that I can plant in my
garden
let's see uh potatoes
I can plant potatoes
any carrots no
nothing well unfortunately the only crop
that I have to plants in my garden is
potatoes so far
so let's plant these potatoes and then
I'm going to search for some other crops
that I can plant
but we'll start with these potatoes
one two three four five six
and that is everything
so these potatoes will grow and
in the meanwhile I'm going to search for
some other seeds to plants I think you
can get wheat seeds from this grass
any seeds there we go
seeds ah I need to eat again
seeds
all right we're up to 10 seeds oh hello
chicken this chicken wants my seeds
an egg
I picked up the egg
all right
oh there's some fish over there
I have an idea
come here fish
come here oops fish
whoa
there are lots of fish
any fish that look different
not really
all of these fish look the same
whoa
it's really deep right here
can I scoop up a squid
no oh I have to swim up
it's my house over there
hmm
I'm going to look for a different kind
of fish
to scoop up in my bucket
more seeds seeds
okay any fish down there that look
different
hmm
maybe I need to go to the ocean I think
it's this way
any seeds yes
more seeds
and another egg
cool another egg
there are lots of chickens around here
okay it's the ocean there should be some
cool fish over there in the ocean
I should have brought my boat with me
oh well
all right let's Dive In
dive
any fish
there's some fish
all right I need to swim up
whoa
okay
these fish are different than the fish
that I saw before
I want to find a really special fish
so let's continue searching
fish
uh-oh the sun's going down
soon it will be night time
all right
fish
where are all the fish
oh there they are
all right I'm gonna get one of these
there we go
I caught a fish in my bucket
and it's almost night time
okay
it's time to head back to my house
let's go
oh
there are lots of monsters around
there's a spider chasing me
I'm just going to run
I'm going to run back home
another egg
and I can see my house
oh it's a creeper nope nope nope go go
go
swim
I'm swimming fast away from the creeper
whoa Enderman
this Enderman can't get me
come on Enderman come get me
these Enderman can't attack me because
I'm in the water
and these Endermen are hurt by the water
[Music]
there we go
and neither of them dropped the Eye of
Ender
oh well
cool
my garden
all right I'm going to start by planting
all of these wheat seeds over here
all right
so there are all of my wheat seeds that
I planted
so this will grow into weeds and with
the Wheats I can make bread
and over here my potatoes are growing
awesome
and finally
I'm going to set free my fish
in this pond
there you go
what should I name
this fish
if you have an idea for the name of my
fish
of my pet fish
tell me in a comment below
all right
cool I'm liking this Garden so far
and let's go to bed
[Music]
all right
so today I think I want to begin
exploring some of the cave systems that
I found down in my mind
in my mind hmm
so let's see I will need more torches I
only have eight torches and probably
more tools
actually I'm going to build a diamond
pickaxe
I have 13 diamonds
I'm going to build some sticks there we
go
and
a diamond pickaxe
and I'll also build a diamond sword
one stick
and two diamonds makes a diamond sword
there we go all needs food
I only have seven mistake
hmm
hopefully that's enough
and torches
do I have any torches
no more torches
I need to organize my chests because
right now they're a mess
uh okay well I'll take some coal from
the furnace
so I took the coal from the furnace and
using the coal I'll build some more
torches
all right 28 torches
28 torches
all right let's go explore the cave
systems down in my mine
all right down we go
oh zombie
okay
here we are
so I guess I'm going to start exploring
this area
let's go up here
up
I heard a skeleton
I think it's that way
skeleton
more iron
oh there it is
die die die die die die die
okay I killed the skeleton
torch
diamonds
all right
more diamonds
one
two
three
three diamonds
all right three more diamonds
I've found uh
14 diamonds in this video
that's great
let's go this way
torch
wow this is a huge mine shaft
I hear a skeleton very close
I'm going to pick up these rails
okay and some more iron
oh
there's a skeleton too
that's the arrow that the skeleton shot
at me
oh there it is
it's really dark down here
it's difficult to see
skeleton die die
die die
whoo
I'm very glad that I have
my armor hmm
helping me a ton
that was dangerous
okay I'm gonna continue mining this iron
more rails uh-oh uh oh it's a spawner a
spider spawner
oh I'm poisoned
I I need to destroy the spawner
a creeper
what is happening
I think a skeleton is shooting a creeper
that creeper
I don't know what is happening here
oh
okay I think I'm safe
I need to eat
oh there's the skeleton right there
there's a skeleton
die die
die die die
okay phew
and I need to destroy this spawner
there we go
cool
whoa
music discs
where did I find these music discs
somehow I found music discs
okay cool and also it looks like I
forgot to put away my diamonds back home
ah
oh another spawner another spawner
I need to break it
break break
there we go
there are tons of spider webs here
oh skeleton
run away run away
lava
whoa
oh another skeleton
die die
wow there are tons of skeletons down
here
creeper
run run run
run run
I'm running away
okay
I'm going to block off this area
so that I'm safe
and I'm going to end this video right
here
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you could leave me a
like or click the Subscribe button and
as always I will see you again in the
next video
see ya
[Music]